---
title: Let's try this...
date: 2026-07-05
---
Alright, I've changed some things in this repo and the website output so that I'm more comfortable to be myself. Can I do it? Let's see...

I like anime. But for some reason, my idea of it has been ruined by so many ideas, conceptions, idioms around it--

Hold on...

I like anime, but somehow my conception of it has been ruined by so many ideas, idioms, and opinions scattered throughout--

Let's do it for real this time.

I like anime, but somehow my idea of it has been cluttered by so many ideas and idioms to the point where I find myself confused as to what it means to me. Actually, I know what it means, I'll give you a primer; CGDCT. It's the bread and butter to some of my favorite shows. It's not like an anime *has* to have that element, but it does help a lot if it's used as a foundation for what the show is trying to say.

With that said, I feel like I'm missing on a lot. That's why sometime last week, I decided to 'reset' my conception of anime and start over my journey in Japanese animation. But I feel like what I'm actually about to do is redicover this artform and watch again some of the shows I *know* I love, and then branch out from there.

It's a bit hard. Not sure what's happening, but I feel there's a background noise from GitHub and it being owned by Microsoft and all. I really did read through the entire ToS and the Privacy Statement, and my thing is if I have to comply to so many things I don't understand, don't you think it's a bit hard to be comfortable with it? Relative to this, Codeberg has much fewer legal agreements.

To be honest, even in the way I speak (write in this context) it shows that I sort of don't want to be here. It doesn't feel free, liberating here. Feels like I'm suffocated by suckiness around here.

I'm still here though. What now then? Should I just host my blog through neofetch instead?

But then again, I feel like I'm hallucinating at this point. Let's do it one more time.

I like anime. The problem is there are so many ideas and idioms surrounding it that has polluted my idea of the artform. That's why sometime last week, I decided to 'reset' my taste in anime, and rediscover it. To be honest, what I think I'm about to do is just rewatch some of my favorite shows and if I still love them, then I'll branch out from there. Two of these are Yuru Yuri and Tantei Opera Milky Holmes. I can't say a whole lot about anime, but it seems they're the kind that's popular in Japan, and only there. It's not widely discussed overseas.

I feel my taste is adjacent to Japanese people in that they're more attuned to moe. I guess that's why all this time, when someone talks about anime my mental image of it was always so different from how most people I talk to perceive it.
